journals/alper_ademoglu.md, before:

## 11/21/22
- Worked on authentication and account creation.
- Got familiar with jwtdown_fastapi library and did trouble shooting on logging in after creating an account.
- Front end started working on forms and page layout.

## 11/18/22
- Started working on the front end. Set up a temporary app.js and a searchevent component.
- Created a simple table on frontend to show restaurant results from Yelp.
- Set up three 'search' endpoints for Yelp API: restaurants, attractions and event.

## 11/17/22
- Worked on Event APIs: get, create, delete, update
- Updated routers and query files.
- Had team discussion about React components.
- Created a separate branch for frontend.

## 11/16/22
- Started working on itinerary API calls.
- Worked on get list of itineraries, create an itinerary and delete an itinerary.
- Updated Mongo dockerfile to include events and itinerary databases.

## 11/15/22
- Reviewed end points and updated paths.
- Utilized Trello for task management. Reviewed deliverables.
- Updated docker-compose file and fixed npm start & install error under React command.
- Added api-design.md to /docs.

## 11/14/22
- Updated the wireframe to add a page that shows list of itineraries.
- Decided on using Yelp Fusion API to get information on events, restaurants and points of interest.
- Tested code to get information on Yelp Events API.
- Worked on End Points documentation. Added end points.


## TO - DOs
- handle no events for city search (ie. baltimore events show no results)
- upgrade 'update event form': save event id to store global state (instead of choosing event from a dropdown)
- update create itinerary router with account/token input & update create itinerary redux endpoint

Commit message:

progress with login/signup modals

journals/alper_ademoglu.md, after:

## 11/21/22
- Worked on authentication and account creation.
- Got familiar with jwtdown_fastapi library and did trouble shooting on logging in after creating an account.
- Front end started working on forms and page layout.

## 11/18/22
- Started working on the front end. Set up a temporary app.js and a searchevent component.
- Created a simple table on frontend to show restaurant results from Yelp.
- Set up three 'search' endpoints for Yelp API: restaurants, attractions and event.

## 11/17/22
- Worked on Event APIs: get, create, delete, update
- Updated routers and query files.
- Had team discussion about React components.
- Created a separate branch for frontend.

## 11/16/22
- Started working on itinerary API calls.
- Worked on get list of itineraries, create an itinerary and delete an itinerary.
- Updated Mongo dockerfile to include events and itinerary databases.

## 11/15/22
- Reviewed end points and updated paths.
- Utilized Trello for task management. Reviewed deliverables.
- Updated docker-compose file and fixed npm start & install error under React command.
- Added api-design.md to /docs.

## 11/14/22
- Updated the wireframe to add a page that shows list of itineraries.
- Decided on using Yelp Fusion API to get information on events, restaurants and points of interest.
- Tested code to get information on Yelp Events API.
- Worked on End Points documentation. Added end points.


## TO - DOs
- upgrade 'update event form': save event id to store global state (instead of choosing event from a dropdown)
- update create itinerary router with account/token input & update create itinerary redux endpoint
- Dockercompose Yaml: move signing key and database login info to .env file.
